hey guys so I know I've been away for
quite some time now and I wanted to get
back into doing videos so I'm starting
to get my flow back now this first video
that I'm going to be doing today is
going to be male makeup I've been
getting a lot of requests to do a video
showing how i do makeup on male so i'm
going to be showing you two different
ways i'm going to show you how I do my
face which entails a lot more products
and I'm also going to be showing you how
to do makeup on another model where it's
just quick and easy fast make up for a
man if you're doing a photo shoot or a
video so let's get started ok guys to
start out you know you always want to
start with a cleanse and moisturize face
to moisturize I use me read day
perfecting cream yeah perfecting day
cream less what is perfecting day cream
to moisturize all around my face and
then i use Mac's fast response I cream
under my eyes just to take down the
puffiness just a little bit then the
first thing I like to do before i do any
makeup I like to take max fixed plus and
I shake it and then just spray around my
face a couple times and this will help
moisturize my face underneath the makeup
and also give it a nice little dewy glow
look so once that is set I will take a
primer this is max natural radiance
primer I just started to use this I was
just using the regular skin base massage
primer that they had but then I do like
this one and you get a lot more than the
regular one so I take about like a pump
and a half I know you they say only do
one pump I like to do a little bit more
and rub it in my hands and then just
press it into my skin I don't really
like to rub I just press the products
into my face for a foundational myself i
use two different ones i'm going to be
using a max face and body this is a
water-based foundation
sheer to medium I think if they just say
sheer but you can get a really good
coverage with it if you warm it up which
is how i like to do but i like to mix
this with a little bit of a match master
by mac which just gives it a little bit
more coverage than usual but i don't
want to be like completely full coverage
so the face and body number i use is c4
and then the match master color i use is
three and i mix the two together so i
shape the base embody a lot to mix
everything together and then I squeeze
like that much into my palm and then
with the match master I do like one pump
right on top of it I just rub them
together until it gets really stiff and
tacky and then I take my hand and just
press it all over next I do concealer
and the concealer i use is mac studio
finish concealer and i use MW 25 just go
in with my finger my middle finger and I
just kind of tapped underneath and just
kind of pet around the eye I don't
streak it or pull it okay so I like to
give my face a slight little bit of
warmth but not with a bronzer I use
maxpro sculpting cream in pure sculpture
and then I like to just warm up this
area and I'm just lightly going in with
it then kind of following my hairline
okay guys so I went ahead and did my
brows and mascara off camera which i
will post in my next video showing you
how I did my eyebrows quick and easy and
really fast so to set my face now I just
take that fixed plus free again I shake
it up still a couple sprays just
moisturize again fan a dry and that is
how i do my face ok guys so the next
part of this video is a quick and easy
fast way to do male makeup on someone
who's going to be in a photo shoot or
video usually males don't like to wear a
lot of makeup so this is a quick and
easy way to get your job done but still
make them look really clean alright so
first things first fix plus and primer
and you'll also know that this entire
makeup application i'll be using a
sponge and that's because i want to get
him in and out of the chair as fast as
possible so for foundation I'm using
something that gives a fuller coverage
but also is moisturizing to the skin so
it doesn't look like the male has a lot
of makeup on you want to make sure you
pat this around the skin really nicely
and also don't forget the air and neck
area
again with the same sponge I'm taking
the concealer and I'm patting this
around the eye area or any trouble spots
around the face
to set everything in place I'm just
taking a translucent powder on a fan
brush and I'm just lightly dusting this
all over the face
for the Browse you can do a couple of
different things like a clear brow set
but here I'm just taking a empty spoolie
wand and I'm spraying it with a little
bit of the fix+ and then just call me
through the hair to brush them into
place give the lips a little bit of a
conditioner and then finish with the mex
fix+ and voila you are finished
here are the final picks before and
after of my model and myself thank you
guys so much for watching and I will see
you in my next video bye guys